[EDU-10740] Bulk Import Spreadsheet Guide (#1044)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/B2B-Suite/b2b-organizations/bulk-import-spreadsheet.md

> # Bulk Import Spreadsheet

Reviewer: Faltou adicionar o [frontmatter](https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content?tab=readme-ov-file#what-information-goes-in-the-frontmatter)

> # Bulk Import Spreadsheet

Reviewer: Esse título parece muito vago. Bulk import pode ser informação em massa de qualquer coisa, importante especificar que são informações de Buyer Organizations

Author: Corrigido.

This guide will walk you through the process of filling out the bulk import spreadsheet for use with the [Bulk Import API](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/buyer-organizations) to efficiently manage Buyer Organizations, Cost Centers, and Members through bulk import functionality.

> 

Reviewer: Faltou linkar melhor com as demais documentações de B2B e adicionar uma seção `## Before you begin` para explicar que para seguir as intruções deste guia precisa ter os apps da B2B Suite instalados

Author: Adicionado

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step-by-step
```

> 1. **Prepare your Import File**: Download the [template file](https://io.vtex.com.br/b2b-bulk-import/b2b-bulk-import-template.xlsx) and populate it with your organization's data following the provided structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the [template file](https://io.vtex.com.br/b2b-bulk-import/b2b-bulk-import-template.xlsx).
2. Fill in the file with buyer organization data following the specifications detailed in [File structure for import](#file-structure-for-import).
```

> 
> 2. **File size limitation**: Ensure your file is in `.xlsx` format and does not exceed 50MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  >ℹ Ensure your file is in `.xlsx` format and does not exceed 50MB.
```

> 
> 3. **Review and validate**: Double-check your data and ensure it aligns with this guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. **Initiate Import**: Once your file is ready, upload it through the [upload file](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/buyer-organizations#post-/api/b2b/import/buyer-orgs) and [start the import](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/buyer-organizations#post-/api/b2b/import/buyer-orgs/-importId-) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once your file is ready, upload it by making a request to the [Upload file](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/buyer-organizations#post-/api/b2b/import/buyer-orgs) endpoint.
4. Validate file content by making a request to the [Validate file](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/buyer-organizations#post-/api/b2b/import/buyer-orgs/validate/-importId-) endpoint. 
5. Once the file is successfully validated, start the bulk data import by making a request to the [Start import](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/buyer-organizations#post-/api/b2b/import/buyer-orgs/-importId-) endpoint.
```

Author: Aplicado.

> ## File Structure for Import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## File structure for import
```

Author: Aplicado

> Before diving into the import process, it's essential to understand the required file structure. Ensure your import file adheres to the guidelines outlined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting the upload and import process, it is essential to understand the required file structure. Ensure your import file adheres to the guidelines outlined below.
```

Author: Aplicado

> 
> ### File Tabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Aplicado

> Your import file should consist of up to three tabs, each serving a specific purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import file should be structured with up to three tabs, each serving a distinct purpose:
```

Author: Aplicado

> 1. **Buyer Orgs Tab**: Contains detailed information about buyer organizations.
> 2. **Cost Centers Tab**: Dedicated to managing cost centers within organizations.
> 3. **Members Tab**: Stores information regarding members associated with organizations and cost centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Buyer Orgs tab](#columns-in-the-buyer-orgs-tab): Contains detailed information about buyer organizations.
2. [Cost Centers tab](#columns-in-the-cost-centers-tab): Dedicated to managing cost centers within organizations.
3. [Members tab](#columns-in-the-members-tab): Stores information regarding members associated with organizations and cost centers.
```

Author: Aplicado

> ### Buyer Orgs tab columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Columns in the Buyer Orgs tab
```

> Each new organization should have one cost center in the Buyer Orgs tab. Additional columns for each Custom Field configured for the merchant can be added at the end of the Buyer Orgs tab.
> 
> Fields marked with an asterisk `*` indicate required information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each new organization should have one cost center in the Buyer Orgs tab. Additional columns for each custom field configured for the merchant can be added at the end of the Buyer Orgs tab.

Check the default columns present in this tab in the table below. Mandatory information is marked with `*`. 
```

Author: Aplicado

| Street* | String | The street name of the address. |
| Number* | String | The numerical identifier for the location (house/building number). |
| Complement* | String | Additional information regarding the address if any. |
| Neighborhood* | String | The specific neighborhood of the address. |
| City* | String | The city where the address is located. |
| State* | String | The state where the address is situated. |
| Country* | String | The country of the address. |
| Receiver Name* | String | The name of the individual who is the point of contact at the address. |
| Phone Number* | String | The contact number for the receiver. |
| Business Document*  | String | A document that contains essential business information (e.g., tax identification number). |
| Collections | String | Set the collection separated by comma allowed to the buyer organization. |
| Price Tables | String | Set the price tables separated by comma allowed to the buyer organization. |
| Payment Terms | String | Set the payment terms separated by comma allowed to the buyer organization. |
| Trade Policies | String | Set the trade policies separated by comma allowed to the buyer organization. |

> | Sellers | String | Set the Sellers separated by comma allowed to the buyer organization. |

Author: Aplicado

> ### Cost Centers tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Columns in the Cost Centers tab
```

Author: Aplicado

> This tab applies only to organizations with multiple cost centers. Do not fill this information if the buyer organization has only one cost center.
> 
> Fields marked with an asterisk `*` indicate required information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab is required only for organizations with multiple cost centers. If the buyer organization has only one cost center, do not fill this tab.

Check the default columns present in the Cost Centers tab in the table below. Mandatory information is marked with `*`.
```

> | Column | Type | Description |
> | - | - | - |
> | Buyer Org ID* | String | A unique identifier for the buyer organization essential for tracking and future updates. |
> | Cost Center ID* | String | A unique identifier for the cost center essential for tracking and future updates. |
> | Cost Center Name* | String | The name assigned to the cost center. |
> | Address Type* | String | The classification of the address (e.g., residential, commercial). |
> | Postal Code* | String | The postal code corresponding to the address. |
> | Street* | String | The street name of the address. |
> | Number* | String | The numerical identifier for the location (house/building number). |
> | Complement* | String | Additional information regarding the address if any. |
> | Neighborhood* | String | The specific neighborhood of the address. |
> | City* | String | The city where the address is located. |
> | State* | String | The state where the address is situated. |
> | Country* | String | The country of the address. |
> | Receiver Name* | String | The name of the individual who is the point of contact at the address. |
> | Phone Number* | String | The contact number for the receiver. |
> | Business Document*| String | A document that contains essential business information (e.g., tax identification number). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Column | Type | Description |
| - | - | - |
| Buyer Org ID* | String | Unique identifier for the buyer organization essential for tracking and future updates. |
| Cost Center ID* | String | Unique identifier for the cost center essential for tracking and future updates. |
| Cost Center Name* | String | Name assigned to the cost center. |
| Address Type* | String | Classification of the address (e.g., residential, commercial). |
| Postal Code* | String | Postal code corresponding to the address. |
| Street* | String | Street name of the address. |
| Number* | String | Numerical identifier for the location (house/building number). |
| Complement* | String | Additional information regarding the address. |
| Neighborhood* | String | Neighborhood of the address. |
| City* | String | City where the address is located. |
| State* | String | State where the address is situated. |
| Country* | String | Country of the address. |
| Receiver Name* | String | Name of the individual who is the point of contact at the address. |
| Phone Number* | String | Contact number for the receiver. |
| Business Document*| String | Document that contains essential business information (e.g. tax identification number). |
```

> ### Members tab columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Columns in the Members tab
```

This tab applies only to organization with multiple members. Do not fill this information if the buyer organization has only one member.

Fields marked with an asterisk `*` indicate required information.

> | Column | Type | Description |
> | - | - | - |
> | Buyer Org ID* | String | A unique identifier linking the member to a specific buyer organization. |
> | Cost Center ID* | String | An identifier linking the member to a specific cost center within the organization. |
> | Name* | String | The member's full name used for identification and communication. |
> | Email* | String | The email address of the member serving as a primary point of contact for communication. |
> | Role Id* | String - UUID | A unique identifier denoting the member's role within the organization. |
> | Can Impersonate | Boolean | Indicates if the member can impersonate another user within the system. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Column | Type | Description |
| - | - | - |
| Buyer Org ID* | String | Unique identifier linking the member to a specific buyer organization. |
| Cost Center ID* | String  | Identifier linking the member to a specific cost center within the organization. |
| Name* | String  | Member's full name used for identification and communication. |
| Email* | String  | Email address of the member serving as a primary point of contact for communication. |
| Role Id* | GUID | Unique identifier denoting the member's role within the organization. |
| Can Impersonate | Boolean | Indicates if the member can impersonate another user within the system. |

```
